Open issue for unresponsicve `infra.ci.jenkins.io` (#635)
jenkins-infra/status: content/issues/2025-07-29-infra.ci-down.md

---
title: infra.ci.jenkins.io down
date: 2025-07-28T8:00:00-00:00
resolved: false
resolvedWhen: 2025-07-28T8:00:00-00:00
# Possible severity levels: down, disrupted, notice
severity: down
affected:
  - infra.ci.jenkins.io
section: issue
---

> [Final message]
> 
> 
> [Initial message]
> 
> The infra.ci.jenkins.io is down with Warning  FailedAttachVolume  96s (x44 over 160m)  attachdetach-controller  AttachVolume.Attach failed for volume "jenkins-infra-data" : timed out waiting for external-attacher of disk.csi.azure.com CSI driver to attach volume /subscriptions/1311c09f-aee0-4d6c-99a4-392c2b543204/resourceGroups/infra-ci-jenkins-io-controller/providers/Microsoft.Compute/disks/jenkins-infra-data
> 
> 
> <!-- https://github.com/jenkins-infra/helpdesk/issues/3823#issuecomment-2036372624 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!-- 
[Final message]
https://github.com/jenkins-infra/helpdesk/issues/4690

[Initial message]
-->

The infra.ci.jenkins.io (private) Jenkins controller is down with error related to cloud storage.
We are currently analyzing the issue and fixing it.

All website previews in pull requests, along with deployment of plugins.jenkins.io, docs.jenkins.io and stats.jenkins.io are down.

```
